DOCSP-41170 - Clarify string ID generation (#365)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/serialization/poco.txt

       public string Identifier { get; set; }
   }

> .. warning:: Multiple ID Fields

Author: Changed most occurrences of 'Id' to 'ID' since you can use any name for an ID property

Reviewer: But... the C#/.Net naming convention is to use `Id`.

Author: After talking to @jordan-smith721, keeping as 'ID' to comply with our Style Guide

   The ``_id`` field mapping logic described in this section only applies to the
   root document and does not apply to nested documents.

Specify an ID Generator
``````````````````````

Every document in a MongoDB collection must have a unique ID. When you serialize an object
to a collection, if the ``Id`` property contains the default
value for its data type (usually ``null``), the {+driver-short+} doesn't serialize the
default value. Instead, the driver generates a unique ID value for the property.

When you apply the ``[BsonId]`` attribute to a property, you can pass the ``IdGenerator``

> argument to specify the type of ID value the driver generates for the corresponding

Reviewer: Not "the type of ID value"

The type is already determined by the type of the property.

What are you specifying is which generator to use to generate an Id value when needed.

       ``[BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(CombGuidGenerator))]`` attribute to the ``Id``
       property, as shown in the following example:

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true

          public class House
          {
             [BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(CombGuidGenerator))]
             public Guid Id { get; set; }
          }

       To generate a unique ``Guid`` value without the COMB algorithm, don't apply
       the preceding attribute to the ``Id`` property. The driver automatically uses
       the ``GuidGenerator`` type to generate a unique value for the ``Id`` field.

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true

          public class House
          {
             public Guid Id { get; set; }
          } 

   * - ``ObjectId``
     - The driver automatically uses the ``ObjectIdGenerator`` type for ``Id`` fields with
       the ``ObjectId`` data type, such as the one in the following code example:

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true

          public class House
          {
             public ObjectId Id { get; set; }
          } 

   * - ``string``

>      - To serialize the ``Id`` property as a ``string``, apply the

Reviewer: Applying the `[BsonId]` attribute is NOT what causes this property to be serialized as a string.

All strings are serialized as strings UNLESS the `[BsonElement]` attribute specifies a different representation.

The ONLY thing this `[BsonId]` attribute is specifying is which id generator to use (beside identifying this as the ID field of course).

Author: After looking at the code for the Generator classes, I see that I've been conflating the ID generation and serialization steps.

       ``[BsonID(IdGenerator = typeof(StringObjectIdGenerator))]``
       attribute to the property, as shown in the following code example. The driver
       uses the ``StringObjectIdGenerator`` type to generate a unique ``ObjectId`` value,
       convert it to a ``string``, and assign it to the ``Id`` property.

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true
   
          public class House
          {
             [BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(StringObjectIdGenerator))]
             public string Id { get; set; }
          }
         
       To serialize the ``Id`` property as an ``ObjectId``, apply the
       ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.ObjectId)]`` attribute to the property, as shown
         in the following code example. In this case, if the property contains the value

>          ``null``, the driver uses the ``ObjectIdGenerator`` type to generate a unique

Reviewer: Actually it uses the `StringObjecIdGenerator`.

The `ObjectIdGenerator` can only be used with properties of type `ObjectId`.

         ``ObjectId`` value and assigns it to the ``Id`` property.

         .. code-block:: csharp
            :copyable: true
   
            public class House
            {
               [BsonRepresentation(BsonType.ObjectId)]
               public string Id { get; set; }
            }
       
       If you apply both the ``[BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(StringObjectIdGenerator))]``
       and ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.ObjectId)]`` attributes to the ``Id`` property,

>        the driver generates an ``ObjectId`` value for the field.

Reviewer: Not sure this is worded the best way.

If you apply both you have simply done TWO different things:

1. Configured the representation of the ID in the database
2. Configured the id generator to use for missing ID values

   The ``_id`` field mapping logic described in this section only applies to the
   root document and does not apply to nested documents.

Specify an ID Generator
```````````````````````

Every document in a MongoDB collection must have a unique ID. When you serialize an object
to a collection, if its ID property contains the default
value for its data type (usually ``null``), the {+driver-short+} doesn't serialize the

> default value. Instead, the driver generates a unique ID value and assigns it to the

Reviewer: The C# driver ***TRIES*** to generate a unique Id value but can onlly do so in cases where it knows what Id generator to use.

Every document in a MongoDB collection must have a unique ID. When you serialize an object
to a collection, if the ``Id`` property contains the default
value for its data type (usually ``null``), the {+driver-short+} doesn't serialize the
default value. Instead, the driver generates a unique ID value for the property.

The following table describes the generators available in the {+driver-short+}:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 25 75

>    * - ``Id`` Field Data Type

Reviewer 2: I can't immediately see why, but this is rendering without a space after "Id". Maybe because of the monospace?

Author: i couldn't get this to look right so i just removed the monospace. seems like that actually matches the [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/titles-and-headings/#style-and-structure) too

     - How to Use

   * - ``Guid``
     - To use the COMB algorithm to generate a unique ``Guid`` value, apply the
       ``[BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(CombGuidGenerator))]`` attribute to the ``Id``
       property, as shown in the following example:

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true

          public class House
          {
             [BsonId(IdGenerator = typeof(CombGuidGenerator))]
             public Guid Id { get; set; }
          }

       To generate a unique ``Guid`` value without the COMB algorithm, don't apply
       the preceding attribute to the ``Id`` property. The driver automatically uses
       the ``GuidGenerator`` type to generate a unique value for the ``Id`` field.

       .. code-block:: csharp
          :copyable: true

          public class House
          {
             public Guid Id { get; set; }
          } 

   * - ``ObjectId``
     - The driver automatically uses the ``ObjectIdGenerator`` type for ``Id`` fields with

>        the ``ObjectId`` data type, like the one in the following code example:

Reviewer 2: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-like
```suggestion
       the ``ObjectId`` data type, such as the one in the following code example:
```

Author: boo this busted rule
